feat(distribution): RakuOS Linux (#126)
castrojo/awesome-immutable: README.md

		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack
			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland compositors (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri, …) built on the uBlue framework
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base

> 			- [RakuOS Linux](https://rakuos.org/) - A performance, gaming, and cutting-edge oriented Fedora Atomic bootable image featuring the KDE, GNOME, and COSMIC desktop environments, using the [CachyOS kernel](https://wiki.cachyos.org/features/kernel/), and replacing legacy shell utilities with modern alternatives (i.e. `eza`, `bat`, `sudo-rs`, …)

Author: Addressing https://github.com/Malix-Labs/Awesome-Atomic/pull/126#pullrequestreview-4362026388

```suggestion
			- [RakuOS Linux](https://rakuos.org/) - A performance, gaming, and cutting-edge oriented Hybrid Atomic RPM-based bootable image featuring the KDE, GNOME, and COSMIC desktop environments, using the [CachyOS kernel](https://wiki.cachyos.org/features/kernel/), working with `dnf`/`dnf5` instead of `rpm-ostree`, and replacing legacy shell utilities with modern alternatives (i.e. `eza`, `bat`, `sudo-rs`, …)
```
